## Event Model

There is no concept of an event model in Apache Flume per se. But in practice it is often necessary to process the raw event data in order to make it suitable for storage and processing.

2 use cases have been provided here:

### 1. Metrics Event Model

In a typical deployment of infrastructure telemetry services, it is not uncommon to have many data sinks. For example, to a operations team dashboard for real-time monitoring, to a warehouse for later analysis. While the requirements of sinks may be different, it is often not possible to accommodate them at the data generation end (Ops team is not going to change their monitoring services just because your flume agent expects a different format).

In this use case, our `MetricsEventHandler` (an implementation of `HTPSourceHandler`) receives raw event data in a simple format and then parses this data to extract relevant telemetry metrics into a `MetricsModel` object and discards irrelevant information. This model is based on some simple regular expressions but you can inject arbitarily complex parsing logic to suit your needs.

### 2. Tracking Error Event Model

This use case emulates software usage tracking. For example, you might have a mobile application (say Uber, for example) that generates an event when something "interesting" happens e.g 'User starts searching for a ride', 'User rates the driver', 'User cancels a booking' etc. HTTP source uses a simple (event, properties) pair to capture all these events. event is the name (or preferably a UUID) of the event (for example, 'user_search_ride') and properties is a set of context variables that define the event. This could, for example, include things like: 'time of search', 'what was the peak factor at time of search', 'how many potential drivers were found as a result of search', 'how many rides the user has booked today/in a week' etc.) 

The general event, properties schema works well to capture all the different variety of events but is not suitable for the purpose of data storage and analysis. A specialized schema for each event type could be exposed to interested stake holders. This is where `TrackingErrorEventModel` comes in, this specialized schema captures all the error events generated by the application. If you are interested in the 'User searches for a ride' event you can define a `TrackingRideSearchEventModel` as a specialzed schema for the event. Since, you have control of event headers, you can also route these different types of events to different channels and sinks.











